Added Windows node support for .NET (#22326)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/installation/k8s-agent-operator.mdx

    id="setup-operator"
    title="Can I setup Kubernetes APM auto-attach in Windows nodes?"
  >

>     Only .NET monitoring is supported in Windows Server 2022 or 2025.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Currently, Kubernetes APM auto-attach is supported only for .NET applications running on Windows Server 2022 and Windows Server 2025 nodes.
```
